So, we've now arrived at
the build process milestone.
So, if you didn't get something or
you fell behind or
something like that, the build process
milestones, the build process directory,
instead of that Git repo that I had to
clone, all the files will be in there.
There's also a link in
the course notes as well.
So everything should be working there.
And so if we go to Project Fox Game here,
this is the website,
we just finished build process.
So we were down here if
you click this link here,
this will take you to the part of
the repository with the build process.
So this is kind of the state
of where we are at the moment.
Okay, so
we are going to move on to code style.
So if you've watched my other courses,
you can quickly figure out that I'm pretty
passionate about automated code quality.
I have the mantra that that which
is not automated is not enforced,
like if you ever have been working on
a professional project is big tendency for
people to come in and make nitpicks.
And I actually got so passive aggressive
about that at my previous company that I
wrote a bot that if you put a comment
on my pull request that said nitpick
it automatically closed your comment,
because I think it's dumb, right?
I don't believe in nitpicks.
If it's either a code quality issue and
I should fix it, or it's not an issue, and
you shouldn't say it, right?
Not necessarily shouldn't say it.
I'm all about teaching and
collaborating and things like that, but
if you're telling me that I
have two equivalent things and
you prefer the other, I don't care.
So that's why I believe that you
need to automate things, right?
So if you have something that you feel
passionate that should be enforced in your
code base, either write an automated
rule that enforces that or
don't write it, or just don't do it.
Having worked in front of
infrastructure before,
like I feel pretty strongly
about these kind of things.
And I feel like any time to introduce
rules like that, like let's say you have
to, you're not allowed to use
arrow functions in JavaScript or
something like that, right?
Anytime you do that you're creating
artificial friction for your team, for
your project, for anything like that, and
you need to take care of when that's
useful and when that's not useful because
you're intentionally slowing down your
team to adhere to some set of rules.
And you better make sure that
those set of rules is worthwhile.
So if something like outline arrow
functions like, is that worth it?
Like if my brain thinks an arrow functions
is it worth kicking me out of how I think
about things, the answer to that is no.
That's a terrible rule and
don't put that in your code base.
Developers have a pure idea of how they
want to solve problems in their head and
anytime that you modify that,
you're introducing friction,
you're slowing them down,
you're making them enjoy their job less.
Like there's a bunch of stuff there, so
make sure that any rule that you
add to your code base is worth it.
This is why we have tests,
this is why we have Linton,
this is why we have creating and
code formatting.
All these stuff is to automate away a lot
of these problems, but just be cautious.
Be cognizant, be intentional about the
friction that you introduce to your team,
to your projects and that kind of stuff.
So, the reason why I like automation is
because it presents immediate feedback
to someone.
So if I write code that's wrong,
that's either not gonna work or
has a problem with it or
doesn't match our code style,
the great thing about these tools is
that you can present immediate feedback.
And I can get like
a little red squiggly line
inside of my project that says
this is wrong, fix it right now.
And so that,
I'm still in the same code flow I'm still
have everything in my mind is like, cool,
that is wrong, fix it really quick, and
I move on and it's not a lot of friction.
The problem with like nitpicks, and
PRs is that I wrote code, I finished
writing the rest of the code, I committed
it, I pushed it, I marked you on a PR and
then like two days later, you look
at the PR and you come back to it.
When I say PR,
I mean pull requests on Github so
it's like when I'm trying
to merge code into Github.
After that span of like five
days since I wrote the code,
I have to go regain all the context of
what I wrote and then try and fix it.
So it's a very, very inefficient and
frustrating process.
That's why I don't like these nitpick
things like PRs are really great and
PR reviews are really great for big things
like, hey you wrote this code, we actually
already have that code over here and we
can reuse it over here, things like that.
Pull Requests are perfect for to make
those kind of comments but like, hey,
you named your variable in a way that
is minorly offensive to me is like,
fine I don't care.
That's my rant on code style.
I don't know why I necessarily
had to say it here, but I had to.
You're all starting out and
I want you to be thinking about these
things like code style is important but
the most important thing is like,
the best code is code that exists, right?
And if it doesn't exist,
then it doesn't work obviously.
So, all right.
We're gonna get into some
code style things and
I kind of split code style into
two different kind of things.
One is like, code formatting and
one of them is like the style rules
of like linting and stuff like that.
So we're gonna start with code formatting
because it's more mechanical and
it's easier to solve.